Let a hungry Carpathian long-haired she-wolf blow your dick, fuck!
Suck devilcock in hell you faggotdwarf!
Stick your hand in my ass and jerk off with my shit!
I do desire we may be better strangers.
Holy Shit, who the fuck told you all those fucking insults?
We use the extremely awesome and marvelous app called Evil Insult Generator.
It is available in every modern browser,
Linux, Windows and macOS desktops,
as chat bot for Facebook and Telegram
and for Windows, iOS and Android smartphones.
Evil Insult Generator cares for everyone!  ðŸ˜
If you have any questions or need your favorite insults added drop a line to the Godlike and infamous  marvin@evilinsult.com
Check out the description you flesh-monger, fool and  coward!
Alrighty then!